Scripting API documentation (#14725)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/scripting/injectiontarget/index.md

---
title: scripting.InjectionTarget
slug: Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/scripting/InjectionTarget
tags:
  - API
  - Add-ons
  - Extensions
  - InjectionTarget
  - Reference
  - Type
  - WebExtensions
  - scripting
browser-compat: webextensions.api.scripting.InjectionTarget
---
{{AddonSidebar()}}

This object contains details specifying the injection target for CSS and JavaScript. Its used in {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting.executeScript()")}}, {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting.insertCSS()")}}, and {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting.removeCSS()")}}.

## Type

Values of this type are objects. They contain these properties:

- `allFrames`{{optional_inline}} 

>   - : `boolean`. Whether the CSS is inject into all frames within the tab. Defaults to `false`. Cannot be `true` if `frameIds` is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `boolean`. Whether the script or CSS is injected into all frames within the tab. Defaults to `false`. Cannot be `true` if `frameIds` is specified.
```

- `frameIds`{{optional_inline}} 

>   - : `string`. Array of the IDs of the frames to inject into. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `array` of `string`. Array of the IDs of the frames to inject into. 
```
